README.md, before:

# Assumptions
- Ubuntu 20.04 installed and updated
- ROS2 Foxy installed from Debian binaries (https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html)
- AutowareAuto (cloned from https://gitlab.com/cuicardeeporange/AutowareAuto) installed in /home/user/adehome/AutowareAuto using instructions from https://autowarefoundation.gitlab.io/autoware.auto/AutowareAuto/installation-no-ade.html

# Cyclone DDS
```bash
sudo mkdir /etc/cyclone
sudo cp cyclonedds.xml /etc/cyclone
```

# ~/.bashrc Configuration
Add the following lines at the bottom:

```bash
export RMW_IMPLEMENTATION=rmw_cyclonedds_cpp
export CYCLONEDDS_URI=file:///etc/cyclone/cyclonedds.xml
export CYCLONE_INCLUDE=/opt/ros/foxy/include
export CYCLONE_LIB=/opt/ros/foxy/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu
source /home/user/adehome/AutowareAuto/install/setup.bash
alias source_aa='source ~/adehome/AutowareAuto/install/setup.bash'
alias spoof_gnss='ros2 topic pub --rate 10 /inspva novatel_gps_msgs/msg/Inspva "{status: INS_SOLUTION_GOOD}"'
```

# Network Configuration
Copy `01-network-manager-all.yaml` to `/etc/netplan` and run `sudo netplan apply`.

Commit message:

Add instructions for Vimba install

README.md, after:

# Assumptions
- Ubuntu 20.04 installed and updated
- ROS2 Foxy installed from Debian binaries (https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html)

# Cyclone DDS
```bash
sudo mkdir /etc/cyclone
sudo cp cyclonedds.xml /etc/cyclone
```

# ~/.bashrc Configuration
Add the following lines at the bottom:

```bash
export RMW_IMPLEMENTATION=rmw_cyclonedds_cpp
export CYCLONEDDS_URI=file:///etc/cyclone/cyclonedds.xml
export CYCLONE_INCLUDE=/opt/ros/foxy/include
export CYCLONE_LIB=/opt/ros/foxy/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu
source /home/user/adehome/AutowareAuto/install/setup.bash
alias source_aa='source ~/adehome/AutowareAuto/install/setup.bash'
alias spoof_gnss='ros2 topic pub --rate 10 /inspva novatel_gps_msgs/msg/Inspva "{status: INS_SOLUTION_GOOD}"'
```

# Network Configuration
Copy `01-network-manager-all.yaml` to `/etc/netplan` and run `sudo netplan apply`.

# Sensor Prerequisites
- Install Vimba SDK 4.2 from https://www.alliedvision.com/en/products/software.html
- After de-compressing with `tar xvf`, move the `Vimba_4_2` folder to `/opt` with `sudo mv Vimba_4_2/ /opt`
- `cd /opt/Vimba_4_2/VimbaGigETL/`
- `sudo ./Install.sh`

# Autoware Install
Install Autoware.Auto (cloned from https://gitlab.com/cuicardeeporange/AutowareAuto) to /home/user/adehome/AutowareAuto using instructions from https://autowarefoundation.gitlab.io/autoware.auto/AutowareAuto/installation-no-ade.html
